# Feral File App Privacy Policy

**Last Updated: 20-SEP 2024**

## Introduction

Bitmark Inc. (“Bitmark,” “we,” “us,” “our”) provides this Privacy Policy to inform users of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personally identifiable information received from users of Bitmark’s Feral File mobile application (the “Application”) and the related hosted data backup service (collectively, the "Services") and the Feral File website (the “Website”).

## Definitions

- **Personal information** or **personal data** is information that is identified or identifiable to a natural living person, consistent with the definitions in European and California law. It includes personally identifiable information, your account keys, and information associated with your account keys.  
- **Personally identifiable information** is information traditionally thought of as directly identifying a natural living person, such as full names, addresses, telephone numbers, government identification numbers, payment information, email addresses, social network identifiers, account identifiers, and similar persistent and public or quasi-public identifiers.

## Application and Services Information Collection and Use

You will need to create a Feral File multi-chain account (the “Account”) to use the Application and may create more than one Account if desired. Each Account is capable of storing multiple single-blockchain (or “single-chain”) account keys. The Application will collect personal information from you or generate personal information to establish the Account. This personal information will consist of private keys or seeds (also called “recovery phrases” in the Application) that you supply to import external single-chain accounts into your Feral File account or seeds generated by the Application, as well as a public/private key pair specific to the Application that provides access to your Feral File account.

Your Feral File multi-chain Account and any single-chain accounts created within it or imported into it are identified to us only by the public Account key generated in the Application and communicated to the Services, and even then, only if you elect to use the Services to back up the data in the Application. We have designed the Services so that we cannot access information transmitted to or stored within the Services.

Please note that the Application interacts with public blockchains by design, and any information in the public blockchain network is permanently and irrevocably public by design. That includes your public keys (including those generated from seeds or private keys), the records of any transactions associated with your public key, and any additional data you or the party you transact with may include in the record of your transaction.

The Services may also collect anonymized information necessary for us to provide, maintain, and improve the Services, such as information about your mobile device, device manufacturer, unique device identifiers, information about software, the operating system and version running on your system or device, and mobile network information. We do not have any ability to correlate this anonymized information to your personally identifiable information.

Finally, the Services collect anonymized information about your use of our Services, such as log information about the function of the Services, crash reports, and errors, and information provided to our support team. We do not have any ability to correlate this information to your personally identifiable information, and we request that you not provide any personally identifiable information when you contact us through the Services (i.e., when filing a technical support request through the Application).

We use personal information collected through the Services only to provide the Services to you (including communicating with you about administrative and technical matters as you may request), to fulfill our legal or regulatory obligations, and to secure, maintain, and improve the Services.

## Website Information Collection and Use

It is not necessary to provide us with personally identifiable information to access or use the Website, and we do not collect personally identifiable information in connection with the ordinary operation of the Website.

If you contact us by email, through the Website, or through third-party social network services (e.g., Discord), we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence and may use your email address or social network user identification and any information that you provide to us in your message to respond to you.

## Do Not Track

We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information or track users’ online activities over time and across different websites. For more information regarding Do Not Track mechanisms, see [http://allaboutdnt.com](http://allaboutdnt.com).

## Information Shared With Others

We may engage third-party service providers to work with us to administer and provide the Services. These third-party service providers have access to personal information collected through the Services only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf and will not use it except on our behalf within the limits of this Privacy Policy.

## Data Retention

Generally speaking, we will retain your personal information for as long as necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We retain personal information for as long as it is reasonably necessary or required to provide you with the Services, resolve any disputes, enforce our agreements with you, protect our legal rights, or comply with applicable laws and regulations.

## Security

We take reasonable technical, administrative, and organizational measures to protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. The Application encrypts all information in your mobile device, in transit between your mobile device and the Services, and when stored in the Services.

## Your Rights in Your Data

Bitmark does not collect, process, or disclose your personal information in connection with the Services except as we describe in this Privacy Policy. Under applicable laws of various countries or US States, you may have certain rights concerning your personal information. If you wish to exercise your rights, contact us via email at [support@feralfile.com](mailto:support@feralfile.com), and we will respond with specific instructions to follow.

## International Transfer

Your information (including personally identifiable information) may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.

## Links to Other Sites

The Website may contain links to other websites ("Linked Sites") operated by Bitmark or third parties. Linked Sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data, or solicit personal information from you. Bitmark encourages you to read the privacy policies or statements of other websites you visit.

## Our Policy Towards Children

The Services are not directed to children under the age of majority in their jurisdiction. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that their child has provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent, they should contact us at [support@feralfile.com](mailto:support@feralfile.com).

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to change this policy at any time without prior notice. Any changes to this policy will be posted here, and we will also attempt to notify you through the Application. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [support@feralfile.com](mailto:support@feralfile.com).  
