## VERSION: 0.29.10
- [Feature] Discovery
- [UI/UX] Remove immediate playback preference
- [UI/UX] Change "Gallery" to "Collection"
- [f] Apply local forging for Tezos operation
- [b] System chrome is not consistent when switching between screens
- [b] iOS chrome (time, signal strength, battery) is showing over the artwork during playback
- [b] Screen freezes for some time when Autonomy App is just opened before landing on to home page
- [b] Slow to open the app #88
- [Feature] Tezos transaction list
- Ledger connection: add more debugging logs, update the library with latest patches, manage the connection state.
- [Bugfix] Erase the local data when there is a conflict that blocks user from using the app
- [UI/UX] Support history: show in support history list when a bug has been resolved.
- [UI/UX] Dev app: update with the version last version of penrose look

What to test:
- [Feature] Discovery
    + your followings may need some time to register at the first (Because we have to do the reindex in Indexer, then refresh the database to get list of artists)
    + Only support on Ethereum testnet for now.
- Tezos operations should operation noramlly.
- System chrome should be consitent and showing correct.
- The app shouldn't wait for too long when starting.
- [Bugfix] Erase the local data when there is a conflict that blocks user from using the app
- [UI/UX] Support history: show in support history list when a bug has been resolved.
- [UI/UX] Dev app: update with the version last version of penrose look 
- [UI/UX] Remove immediate playback preference
- [UI/UX] Change "Gallery" to "Collection"


## VERSION: 0.29.9
- Fix bug can not enter NFT details
- Retry with different nodes when an RPC is down. #1321
- [UI/UX] Remove Gallery (Collection) sorting #1325
- [UI/UX] Au_app: "Link another account" screen - fix drawers height #1346
- [UI/UX] Au_App: banner NFT rendering issue - fix font-style #1344
- [Debug] Add toggle to support showTokenDebugInfo (only in AppCenter)

What to test:
- Fix bug can not enter NFT details
- [UI/UX] Remove Gallery (Collection) sorting #1325
- [UI/UX] Au_app: "Link another account" screen - fix drawers height #1346

## VERSION: 0.29.0
- Fix mint issue on Fxhash.
- Loading animation displays forever if there is not enough crypto to buy the token on objkt.com
- Update the survey notification text.
- Apply retry mechanism for request to prevent network connection issue dialog shows up frequently.
- Fix onesignal error show up when error happen. Write to the log file instead.
- Fix a bug cause wallet connect popup doesn't show if the view hasn't been initiated yet.
- [Play artwork] The music still plays at Artwork detail screen when tapping on the title of the artwork
- The videos still display when tapping on ">" btn while playing the videos #23

What to test:
- Should be able to mint using TezosBeacon.
- Should display popup if tezos operation is not enough money.
- See if the connection issue popup is still shown up frequently.
- See if there is any onesignal related dialog is shown up.
- Try to connect Feral File and Autonomy. And login to Feral File using the Autonomy app and transfer an artwork. It should show the signing request popup.
- Check if the music still plays at Artwork detail screen when tapping on the title of the artwork
- Check if the videos still display when tapping on ">" btn while playing the videos


## VERSION: 0.29.1
- Tezos NFTs won't stay hidden.
- prevent the screen to turn off in preview view
- fix most of the SVG rendering issues (iOS build only)
- fix an issue cause the survey notification show during the onboarding process.
- prevent the screen to turn off in preview view
- support Speed up NFT debugging

What to test:
- See if any hidden artworks reappear again or not.
- See if there is any more SVG issue. (iOS build only)
- See if the screen is turn off during the artwork playback
- See if the survey notification still shows during the onboarding
- See if the UI rendering performance is improved (from Flutter 3)
- prevent the screen to turn off in preview view


## VERSION: 0.29.2
Bugs:
- All setting should be restored after reinstalling or update app #57
- [Android] Users are unable to open Release Note after tapping on [Back] btn on Android Navigation bar #38
- [Notification] App should guide user Allow Notification for Autonomy on device #21
- [Passcode] Passcode displays as OFF although it is ON #19
- in preview screen, use previewURL instead of thumbnailURL with loading animation for image artworks.
- support pdf artworks (https://github.com/bitmark-inc/autonomy-apps/issues/43)
- [bug] TouchID/FaceID wasn't covered when users opened a Webview (https://github.com/bitmark-inc/autonomy-apps/issues/13)
- [bug] the app didn't cover its content when the TouchID/FaceID setting is on. (https://github.com/bitmark-inc/autonomy-apps/issues/14)
- [bug] [android] full screen button is coverred by the navigation bar (https://github.com/bitmark-inc/autonomy-apps/issues/15)
- [bug] [android] some ui element is displayed incorrectly (https://github.com/bitmark-inc/autonomy-apps/issues/39)
- Android error displays when open camera to scan #65
- [Kukai] Already linked popup should be showed when linking account many time #31

UI/UX Improvement:
- Au_app: Penrose to access settings is not intuitive #1296
- Au_app: redesign icons QR Code, Customer support, Attach file #1299
- Au_app: QR code interface / give clearer instructions of what is it for #1302 (only instruction text)
- Au_app: Chat support - "reply" or "write message" instead of just "message" #1300
- Remove global receive button from Settings #1304


What to test:
- All setting should be restored after reinstalling or update app #57: 
1. change settings: immediatePlaybacks, isAnalyticsEnabled, hidden tokens/accounts, saw guidedView or finished survey.
2. delete the app, restore
Expect: the settings are kept as your previous settings: doesn't see again askForSurvey, guidedView; the hidden nfts are still hidden.

- in preview screen: use previewURL instead of thumbnailURL with loading animation for image artworks.
Expect: Can solve a load issue for some nfts. The working nfts in previous app-version still works.

- [Android] Users are unable to open Release Note after tapping on [Back] btn on Android Navigation bar #38
- Au_app: Penrose to access settings is not intuitive #1296: first see the GuidedView with correct alignment.
- kukai wallet should be showed when linking account many time 
- Android open camera to scan normally


## VERSION: 0.29.3
- [b] add loading animation for video & software
- update using ipfs.io instead of cloudflare-ipfs for video nfts (iOS only)
- [b] Not show Network error when user has just opened the app.
- [ui] show a required subscribe dialog when scanning to connect viewer for unsubscribers.
- [f] Speed up NFT debugging: Add button in the in-house app for view token data.
- [UI update] Feral File linking dialog, tap outside to dismiss
- [Bug] Ask for biometric authentication twice.
- Fix incorrect status after executing transactions with fxhash.
- Stablize minting with fxhash
- Rounding (for USD) needs to be to two decimal places

What to test:
- see loading animation when loading in preview screen.
- able to view video nfts
- doesn't show Network error when user has just opened the app.
- show a required subscribe dialog when scanning to connect viewer for unsubscribers.
- purchase/mint nft via fxhash to see it show errors or not.


## VERSION: 0.29.5
- [b] App should show alert notify when sending/estimating failed with xtz operation request
- [f] Re-enabled "Forgot I exist" feature.
- [b] The unexpected notification "All files have been  downloaded" are sent to the user

What to test:
- forgot I exist should work properly
- app should show alert when money is not enough while send tezos request from dapp.
- shouldn't show incorrect notifications


## VERSION: 0.29.6
- [Android] Send XTZ transaction failed with kalamint
- [Feedback] Fix Freeze app when opening app & send debug log.

What to test:
- Android send xtz operation with dapps should be successful.
- [Feedback] Fix Freeze app when opening app & send debug log.


## VERSION: 0.29.7
- Support origination operation request via Tezos Beacon #86
- Support to create collection via Objkt #85
- Fix in app purchases issue when it's expired at the first time.
- [Feature] Group addresses for different Ledger chains under a single Ledger account for each device

What to test:
- Create collection via objkt should be successul
- Should be able to deploy a profile on tzprofile
- For in-app purchases, we will deploy a TestFlight version for you to try. Appcenter's in-app purchases is not available.
- The old-version linked Ledger accounts should be migrated and combined if they are under same Ledger device.
- When linking addresses from Ledger: it should be grouped into same Account if they are coming from same Ledger device.


## VERSION: 0.29.8
### [iOS]
- Ledger Nano X devices don't show up in the app.
- Feral File's web3 connection doesn't allow to sign for withdrawal.
- First version of feature: Onboarding for Feral File (only) user #1318.
- By default the last "drawer" or only "drawer" of a list shouldn't have a separator beneath it.

What to test:
- Try to withdraw or send artwork on Feral File after connecting with Autonomy using WalletConnect.
- Open the Ledger Nano X, enter the passcode and place it nearby. Open the Ledger linking screen in the Autonomy app, and see if it can see the Ledger devices.
- First version of feature: Onboarding for Feral File (only) user #1318.
FeralFile hasn't implemented to show the QRCode / deeplink. So if you keep the api-token (from the last version), write the deeplink with format "https://autonomy.io/apps/feralfile?token=<token>" and try to link your FF account into Autonomy.
  
### [Android]
- Correct feralfile testnet link
- Fixed error displays when open camera to scan #65
- Fixed cannot connect to Tezos Beacon after disconnecting and restoring from network #90
- Ledger Nano X devices don't show up in the app.
- Feral File's web3 connection doesn't allow to sign for withdrawal.
- First version of feature: Onboarding for Feral File (only) user #1318.
- By default the last "drawer" or only "drawer" of a list shouldn't have a separator beneath it.

What to test:
- Try to withdraw or send artwork on Feral File after connecting with Autonomy using WalletConnect.
- Open the Ledger Nano X, enter the passcode and place it nearby. Open the Ledger linking screen in the Autonomy app, and see if it can see the Ledger devices.
- First version of feature: Onboarding for Feral File (only) user #1318.
FeralFile hasn't implemented to show the QRCode / deeplink. So if you keep the api-token (from the last version), write the deeplink with format "https://autonomy.io/apps/feralfile?token=<token>" and try to link your FF account into Autonomy.
